### Governance Update - Week-3 2021

#### Live Votes
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| GIP-5: Remove Gnosis Impact from the GnosisDAO Governance Process | Meta | [Vote](https://deploy-preview-889--dgov-staging.netlify.app/gnosis/poll/QmfEpoQtvjWMeRwfeFvothLDkFqaXCZNHU9ZFb3S3cuLRU) |

Gnosis Impact is currently an integral component of the Gnosis governance process.
The current implementation of Gnosis Impact has known flaws and poses uncalled-for obstacles to pass proposals through the governance process.

This proposal aims to exclude the obligatory utilization of Gnosis Impact as part of the GnosisDAO’s governance process phase 3 until a proposal passes amending its shortcomings.

#### Discussions
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| GIP-4: Should GnosisDAO pay additional GNO rewards for GNO<>ETH LP on Sushiswap? | Treasury | [View](https://deploy-preview-889--dgov-staging.netlify.app/gnosis/forum/1013) |

The objective of this proposal is to kick off a crossDAO collaboration attempting to increase number of stakeholders for both communities (Sushi and GnosisDAO). The proposal seeks a liquidity incentivisation campaign  with the following goals:
- Creating stakeholders for both communities
- Foment cross-DAO collaborations in the future
- Increase GNO liquidity


| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| GIP-6 Deploy Gnosis Auction | Meta | [View](https://deploy-preview-889--dgov-staging.netlify.app/gnosis/forum/1078) |

This GIP intends to answer the question: Should GnosisDAO deploy GnosisAuction?

GnosisAuction would build on the proven success with token sales that Gnosis Protocol (GP) v1 (Mesa) had. It will provide a sturdy mechanism that supports fair price finding in token sales. It will also aim to be modular enough to work in other scenarios where auctions are needed.


| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Gnosis Safe: SushiSwap Safe App Grant | Treasury | [View](https://forum.gnosis.io/t/gnosis-safe-sushiswap-safe-app-grant/1069) |

Gnosis and Sushi are collaborating to offer a shared Safe Apps grant of up to $6,000, consisting of $3,000 in DAI plus a matching $3,000 in SUSHI.
This grant is open to any individual or team that develops a Safe App for the following applications:
- Sushi Liquidity Management App
- Cream
- yGift (Support for v2 included)
- Bento (Upon release)


| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Gnosis Safe: ENS Safe App Grant | Treasury | [View](https://forum.gnosis.io/t/gnosis-safe-ens-safe-app-grant/1077/1) |

Gnosis Safe and ENS are teaming up to offer another Safe Apps grant of up to $6,000, consisting of $3,000 in DAI plus a matching $3,000 in ETH.
This grant is open to any individual or team that develops an ENS Safe App with specific conditions found [here](https://forum.gnosis.io/t/gnosis-safe-ens-safe-app-grant/1077/1)
