# Decentraland

Decentraland is a decentralized virtual reality platform powered by the Ethereum blockchain. Within the Decentraland platform, users can create, experience, and monetize their content and applications.

## Overview 

The finite, traversable, 3D virtual space within Decentraland is called LAND, a non-fungible digital asset maintained in an Ethereum smart contract. Land is divided into parcels that are identified by cartesian coordinates (x,y). These parcels are permanently owned by members of the community and are purchased using MANA, Decentraland’s cryptocurrency token. This gives users full control over the environments and applications that they create, which can range from anything like static 3D scenes to more interactive applications or games.

Some parcels are further organized into themed communities, or Districts. By organizing parcels into Districts, the community can create shared spaces with common interests and uses. You can find a list of the original District Proposals on GitHub. The content that makes up Decentraland is stored and distributed via a decentralized network while ownership and transactions are validated on the Ethereum blockchain.

## Governance
The DAO allows for two general types of proposals: proposals with direct binding actions, and governance proposals.

#### Proposals with direct binding actions
The DAO allows the community to vote on binding actions that will result in changes made to Decentraland’s smart contracts on the Ethereum network. Those binding actions are:

* Funding a community project by transferring a portion of the DAO’s resources to a grant vesting contract.
* Adding a catalyst node to the network of servers that host and run Decentraland’s virtual world.
* Adding or removing points of interest (POIs), or highlighted locations within the virtual world, to a list that is shown to users. This list helps users to find popular and interesting locations to explore.
* Banning a name from Decentraland. This proposal type allows users to ensure that avatars cannot be given offensive and harmful names.
#### Governance proposals
Some proposals are not as simple as adding or removing an item from a list, they require community signaling, discussions and implementation paths. Those proposals should be submitted thorugh a three-stage governance process that starts with a poll and ends with a binding proposal.

The voting process includes three steps: a Pre-Proposal Poll, a Draft Proposal, and a Governance Proposal. Each tier will have progressively increasing submission and passage thresholds to ensure important governance decisions are made by a representative majority (based on Voting Power). Each step must reach the defined VP threshold to be promoted to the next one.

### DAO Workings

To circumvent the very high gas fees associated with full on-chain governance, Decentraland’s DAO uses a combination of free, off-chain voting for the community and a multi-sig wallet controlled by a “DAO Committee” to enact those off-chain decisions on the Ethereum blockchain. This allows everyone who holds MANA, NAMES or LAND to participate in the DAO without having to pay any fees everytime they want to vote or open a proposal.

The use of a multi-sig wallet controlled by a committee of trusted persons guarantees the security of the DAO along with guaranteeing that passed proposals result in an on-chain action. A second multisig owned by the SAB provides a second layer of protection on top of the DAO Committee.

The DAO is a complex system created from several layers of entities and platforms, each of which is listed and described below:

### Governance DAPP
The main interface for the Decentraland DAO is located at governance.decentraland.org. This is where users log-in, create proposals, and vote.
This is currently maintained by a development team funded by a [DAO grant](https://governance.decentraland.org/proposal/?id=ed53e850-5e70-11ec-8188-4352ce3d30e7).

### Snapshot
[Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/) is an off-chain voting platform that provides a free way for token holders to vote on proposals. By storing both the proposals and the votes on IPFS as cryptographically signed messages, Snapshot allows for secure and easily contested results.

Decentraland’s DAO uses Snapshot to host the proposals and votes generated by the community.

Whenever a proposal is opened at governance.decentraland.org, it is also created automatically on [Decentraland’s Snapshot space](https://snapshot.org/#/snapshot.dcl.eth). This allows the DAO to record and store proposals, votes, and results in a secure and decentralized manner - with the results displayed back on governance.decentraland.org. From the Snapshot space users can also [delegate their vote power](https://snapshot.org/#/delegate/snapshot.dcl.eth) to other community members.

### Aragon
[Aragon](https://aragon.org/) is a secure platform for creating and managing the collection of smart contracts needed to run a DAO. The backend of Decentraland’s DAO is built using Aragon, so anytime a proposal that results in a binding action is passed by the community in Snapshot, it is committed to the Ethereum mainnet in Aragon by the DAO Committee.

### DAO Committee
The DAO Committee is a group of three trusted individuals who have been selected by the community to hold keys in a multi-sig wallet. This multi-sig is responsible for enacting any passed votes with a binding action, like funding a Grant, banning a name, adding or removing a POI, implementing a Governance proposal or adding a Catalyst node.

The DAO Committee is overseen by the SAB, which has the ability to pause and cancel any action initiated by the Committee.

Every on-chain transaction initiated by the DAO Committee has an automatic 24-hour delay before it is completed, allowing the SAB or the Committee to revoke the transaction.

### Security Advisory Board (SAB)
The Security Advisory Board acts as a guarantor of Decentraland’s smart contract security, and is tasked with overseeing the work of the DAO Committee and responding to vulnerability and bug reports in any of Decentraland’s contracts.

The SAB includes 5 Solidity experts that have initially been selected by the Decentraland development team.

Any time a modification is to be made to the LAND or Estate contracts, the update must be unanimously supported by the SAB’s multi-sig. At least three signatories are required with no dissenting votes in order to make any changes to the LAND or Estate contracts.

The SAB has the ability to pause, resume, or cancel any action taken by the DAO Committee.

Initiating the addition or removal of a member of the SAB can be done by kickstarting a Governance proposal process on governance.decentraland.org.

### The Forum
The [Decentraland Forum](https://forum.decentraland.org/) is the communication hub for the DAO. Everytime a new proposal is created, an accompanying thread is opened automatically on the Forum under the [Governance section](https://forum.decentraland.org/c/governance/). These proposal topics can be found either by browsing the Forum, or by clicking the “Discuss in the Forum’’ button on any proposal’s detail page in the Governance UI. These threads are a space where voters can discuss the various impacts and issues that might result from a proposal.

### Discord Servers
The DAO operates on two Discord servers:

- #dao channel on the Decentraland Discord server for general announcements, discussions and questions.
- A dedicated [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ZdzKgYE5Q3) only for the DAO operations with more in-depth discussions, specific channels for working groups tacking complex issues and spaces for the community grant owners to post updates on their project. In this channel the DAO also host their monthly Town Hall.


## Join us

Join our [Discord](https://dcl.gg/discord) and visit our #help channel to ask whatever questions you have. We’ll answer as soon as possible.


## Additional links
* [Website](https://decentraland.org/)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/decentraland)
* [Github](https://github.com/decentraland)
* [Reddit](https://reddit.com/r/decentraland)
* [Discord](https://dcl.gg/discord)
* [Transparency board](https://governance.decentraland.org/transparency/)
* [Builder](https://builder.decentraland.org/)
* [Documentation](https://docs.decentraland.org/)
* [Events](https://events.decentraland.org/)
* [DAO](https://dao.decentraland.org/)
* [Blog](https://decentraland.org/blog)
* [Marketplace](https://market.decentraland.org/)