# Maple Finance

The Maple protocol offers the most capital efficient option for institutional borrowing and fixed income lending in decentralized finance.

## Overview

## The Maple Ecosystem

Maple is a decentralized corporate credit market. Maple provides capital to institutional borrowers through globally accessible fixed-income yield opportunities.

For Borrowers, Maple offers **transparent and efficient financing done entirely on-chain**.

* Funds can leverage their reputation to borrow undercollateralized without constant fear of liquidation and margin calls
* Borrowers access pools of capital governed by smart contracts and liaise with Pool Delegates to confidentially complete loan assessments

For Liquidity Providers, Maple offers **a sustainable yield source through professionally managed lending pools**.

* Diversified exposure across premium borrowers with staked MPL-USDC 50-50 Balancer Pool Tokens (BPTs) providing reserve capital against loan defaults
* Set and forget solution with diligence outsourced to Pool Delegates
* Interest is accrued and reinvested to enable capital to compound over time
* 
For Pool Delegates, Maple is a vehicle to **attract funding and earn performance fees**.

* Maple is a new platform providing decentralised asset management infrastructure
* Globally accessible pools enable increased AUM from varied liquidity sources to be provided to networks of premium, credit worthy borrowers

## The Maple Protocol


**Liquidity Providers (LPs)** deposit funds into a Liquidity Pool in order to fund loans and earn yield. In return, they receive an LP token representing their share of the pool.

**Pool Delegates** are responsible for managing each pool. They perform diligence and agree terms with Borrowers through smart contract technology. Pool Delegates are required to stake MPL-USDC 50-50 BPTs in their Pool to cover defaults, aligning their incentives with Liquidity Providers.

**Borrowers** request capital from the platform by creating a Loan (which holds collateral and receives funding) and inputting requested loan terms. Once these terms are agreed with a Pool Delegate, Borrowers can withdraw the requested funds for a fixed term, at a fixed rate, and at a fixed collateralization level.

Holders of the Maple Token (MPL) participate in the following ways:

* Passive MPL Holders earn a portion of establishment fees.
* Savvy MPL Holders can earn additional yield by selecting Liquidity Pools to stake. Staking MPL-USDC 50-50 BPTs provides a reserve covering loan defaults in return for a share of the ongoing fees.
* As Maple moves towards full decentralization, MPL Holders will be able to submit proposals and vote on changes such as adding Pool Delegates and adjusting fees and staking parameters.


## Governance

### Governance with MPL

As the Maple protocol moves towards full decentralization, MPL holders will be responsible for governance. MPL holders can submit and vote on proposed changes to the protocol, including adjusting fees, minting or burning MPL Tokens, and other protocol level changes. If MPL holders don't want to participate in governance themselves, they'll have the option to delegate their voting rights.

MPL holders can also vote on use of fees that have accrued to the Treasury.

### Maple Finance Governance V1

Steps involved are, 

* Publish governance proposal to Discourse. 
* Each proposal requires a Summary, Background, Motivation, and defined “For” and “Against” positions.
* Submit proposal request to #governance channel for Maple team to establish a dedicated channel for proposal discussion.
* Weekly newsletter distributed weekly will share on-going governance proposals & follow-up on concluded proposals.
* Discuss publicly with the community in respective channels on Maple Discord.
* Once proposal fulfills requirements of 30 upvote 🥞 reactions from the Maple community, voting begins.
* Vote poll is posted & pinned in the restricted #mapes-voting channel by Maple team: ✅ for yes, ❌ for no, 🟠 for abstention.
* Voting opens for Mapes holding a minimum 25 $MPL. To register as a Mape, must be a verified token holder by Collab.land via the #join-mapes channel on Discord.
* Voting is open for a period of one week. At the end of this period, must have met the quorum of 20% registered Mapes. If quorum is not reached, voting is extended for an additional week.
* If motion passes, the proposal is implemented by Maple multisig holders and voting details & follow up steps published to Discourse by the Maple team for record-keeping purposes.

### What fees are shared with MPL holders?
Maple Treasury earns a portion of the fees generated by Maple protocol. The Establishment Fee is  paid by Borrowers when their loans are funded and is shared between Pool Delegates and Maple Treasury.

On a periodic basis, MPL holders will be able to vote on the use of the fees earned by the Treasury. The main options available are:
1. Buyback MPL to be held in treasury
1. Distribute fees to Maple DAO to continue funding operations and growth
1. Distribute fees to MPL holders

## Join Us

Reach out to us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Xy6sqxRhFG) !

## Additional links

* [Website](https://maple.finance/)
* [Risks Invlolved](https://maplefinance.gitbook.io/maple/additional-links/risks)
* [Developer Documentation](https://github.com/maple-labs/maple-core)
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/Xy6sqxRhFG)
* [Blog](https://maplefinance.ghost.io/)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/maplefinance)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/maplefinance/)







