# Metacartel DAO

## Overview & History
MetaCartel Ventures is a permissioned, for-profit investment DAO coupled with a legal entity. The goal is to fund promising projects building new applications on top of Ethereum while providing financial returns to its members. Initially, the fund will only be open to accredited investors who need to be voted in by existing members. Investments can be made in tokens, agreements for future tokens, and traditional equity in startups. 

## History
MetaCartel began in 2018 as a technical working group to solve cryptoeconomic problems around meta transactions, the ability to interact with dApps without needing to use ETH. A key breakthrough was discovered and led to the creation of the Gas Station Network which was eventually spun out from the project. Afterwards, MetaCartel became an ecosystem grant fund to drive experimentation around use-cases for the Ethereum application layer. They garnered support from over 800 community members raising 1,100 ETH which was deployed to a variety of projects. While relatively successful, there were questions around the original MetaCartel's sustainability as it was funded through the goodwill of its members who were unable to participate in the upside of the funded projects' success. To create a more sustainable model, the DAO had to evolve into a venture capital fund where investments could be made which could produce returns for investors. With that in mind, MetaCartel Ventures was created as a Delaware Limited Liability Company (LLC) tightly coupled with Moloch DAO v2 smart contracts and incubated by SpankHouse to further the development of the Ethereum application layer.

The original members consist of people with deep ties in the Ethereum community as founders and investors. They will be contributing initial capital and will act as managers of the fund to source, diligence, propose and vote on investments. Known as Mages, these members are required to continually participate in managerial responsibilities or risk being expelled to the lower level for inactivity. The lower tier are known as Goblins and can contribute capital without exercising managerial rights. They can be thought of as Limited Partners (LP) in the fund while Mages are akin General Partners (GP), and both are free to move between the two groups. A third group known as Summoners are not necessarily members of the DAO but perform legal, financial and coordination tasks supervised by mages and paid through negotiable fees.

## Technology

MetaCartel Ventures will be using smart contracts from Moloch DAO v2
Offchain governace is done on snapshot

## Governance

#### Grimoire
The Grimoire is a legally binding LLC agreement among members of the DAO dictating the rules that they must abide by. It is closely tied with the smart contracts such that anyone following on-chain procedures to acquire DAO shares legally becomes a member, subject to the rights and obligations determined by the Grimoire, and existing applicable laws.

#### Membership
In order to join the DAO, prospective members must be championed by an existing member, undergo an extensive evaluation of traits such as expertise and culture fit, and then receive a majority vote. Afterwards they will be required to sign the Grimoire to receive their economic rights in the DAO. 

In order to retain status as a member, they must have implicit consent of the economic majority as another member can propose expulsion. If the majority votes for the member in question to be expelled, they forfeit their shares and governance rights while receiving their proportional claim to the existing investments in the form of liquid assets and claims to the revenue generated by illiquid assets. Liquid assets are freely traded tokens such as ETH or DAI, while illiquid assets are non-transferable agreements for future tokens or equity. In the case of the latter, the departing member receives their proportional share to the money generated by a successful exit, typically an acquisition or public offering (IPO). 

Members are also free to exit whenever they choose, and similar to the above scenario, receive their pro-rata share of funds.

### Additional Links

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/VENTURE_DAO)
[Website](https://metacartel.xyz/)
[Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/mcv.eth)

