### Governance Update

#### Live Votes

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Decision Gate 1: Metaverse Index (MVI) | Meta | [View](https://snapshot.page/#/index/proposal/Qmeaho3rEC8pM9t3FwhCQ86rdYtrpo2iDqHSxMcf2nu51Z) |

Decision Gate 1 is the initial vote for onboarding products to the Index Coop. A passing vote here signals interest by the Index Coop to explore the feasibility of launching the Metaverse Index product. Index would like to propose the first "in house" index run and managed by the community. MVI lets users gain exposure to the new but growing group of projects on Ethereum that relate to virtual ownership through NFTs, gaming, virtual reality, entertainment platforms and more in one convenient ERC20 token built on [Set Protocol](https://www.tokensets.com/).

The proposal is live as of Feb 24th and closes Feb 27th 7pm.


#### Recent Votes

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Decision Gate 2: Flexible Leverage Index (FLI) | Development | [View](https://app.boardroom.info/index/poll/QmQwQn4k324kMKPjsSX6ZEzjkkKWh1DNfAN2mQ3dd5aP1a) |

Decision Gate 2 is the final vote for onboarding products to the Index Coop. A passing vote here signals commitment to launch the Flexible Leverage Index in a timely manner. Pulse Inc would like to propose that the Index Coop manage a series of Sets based on a new Index called Flexible Leverage Index (FLI). FLI lets users leverage a collateralized debt without having to manage a collateralized debt, by abstracting collateralized debt management into a simple index, reproducible by an ERC20 token built on Set Protocol.

Update: The proposal passed on Feb 22nd and will now move on to the construction stage.


| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| COMPOUND-37 Return Accidentally Sent Funds | Meta | [View](https://app.boardroom.info/index/poll/QmYQk1KQNN7gcaDpvy7w6C9rEjVJSanWdRPfebRo1CMewa) |

This is a meta-governance proposal to vote on Compound's own #37 proposal using DPI. The Compound proposal acts to establish a policy for returning accidentally sent funds accessible by Governance under the terms specified in the proposal.

The proposal FOR passed on Feb 11th and was executed on Feb 14th.


#### Discussions

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| 3 Immediate Strategic Needs for the Coop | Organization | [Discuss](https://gov.indexcoop.com/t/3-immediate-strategic-needs-for-the-coop/902/7) |

Three proposed immediate strategic priorities for the Index Coop:
Establish North Star Goals
Establish Core KPIs
Empower High-Impact Contributors
The goal of this is to understand and acknowledge challenges felt among community members and establish a strategic direction to guide the Coop.


| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| IIP-8: Meta Governance Module | Product/Meta | [Discuss](https://gov.indexcoop.com/t/iip-8-meta-governance-module/276) |

This IIP adds meta-governance support for AAVE, UNI, and COMP to the DeFi Pulse Index.
It add the GovernanceModule to the DeFi Pulse Index Set with support for AAVE, Compound and Uniswap. Governance represents a single vote casted by $INDEX token holders off-chain, which is then executed by the Index Multisig via the GovernanceModule. A GovernanceModule implementation is ready and can go live within 1-2 weeks pending audits.

Update: Details of the opportunity to run a Rabbithole campaign to reward voting participation with Index tokens can be found [here.](https://gov.indexcoop.com/t/rabbithole-campaign-for-index-coop-meta-governance/906)


| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| IIP-14 DPI Liquidity mining #4 | Product/Marketing | [Discuss](https://gov.indexcoop.com/t/iip-14-dpi-liquidity-mining-4/770) |

Extend INDEX liquidity mining incentives for the DeFi Pulse Index (DPI) Set for 30 days with a lower (50% reduction) issuance rate or 1,250 per day.

The current liquidity mining incentive program ends on February 6th. This proposal seeks to extend liquidity mining incentives with a new liquidity mining program to continue growing distribution and adoption of the DPI.

Update: More conversations around future liquidity mining and related incentives can also be found [here](https://gov.indexcoop.com/t/liquidity-mining-strategy-starter-for-10/893/6).


| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Short Term Treasury Diversification | Treasury | [Discuss](https://gov.indexcoop.com/t/short-term-treasury-diversification/867) |

Proposal to purchase $200k ETH from the treasury committee wallet given the recent price rally of INDEX, to begin reducing the volatility of our treasury holdings and allowing for the potential expansion of smart treasury after its’ 3 month trial period.
 
Indicative community vote majority remains for as of Feb 17th
