# Governance Update

## Snapshot: Live Votes
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Proposal #3 - Implement POOL Pool Rewards | Marketing/Product | [Vote](https://vote.pooltogether.com/proposals/3) |

Summary:\
This proposal makes the POOL pool a governance controlled pool and sets the reward distribution as discussed and requested by the community. 100 POOL rewards per day will be allocated and the weekly prize amounts to 200 POOL, for a period of 180 days.

Closes: Mar 18th

## Snapshot: Recent Votes

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Proposal #2 - Set the Reserve Rate from 0% to 5% | Product | [View](https://vote.pooltogether.com/proposals/2) |

Summary:\
This proposal follows strong support to set the Reserve Rate from 0% to 5%

Closed: Mar 11th\
Outcome: Executed

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Proposal #1 - Slow the Dai and USDC POOL distribution rates to match COMP and UNI pools | Product | [View](https://vote.pooltogether.com/proposals/1) |

Summary:\
Slow the Dai and USDC POOL distribution rates to match the COMP and UNI ones, (down from 2,295 POOL per day to 255 POOL per day). This will serve to lengthen the period of deposits rewards and extend them well past the original ~85 day period.

Closed: Mar 7th\
Outcome: Defeated

## New Forum Posts

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Optimizing Reserve Rates | Product Improvement | [Discuss](https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/optimizing-reserve-rates/690) |

Summary:\
Proposal 2 to set the global reserve rate to 5% is about to pass. This post advocates raising the reserve rates considerably.

Date Created: March 10th\
Last Active: March 18th

Update:\
Latest [posts](https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/optimizing-reserve-rates/690/21) consider creating another poll and proposal to set the reserve to 25% on governance pools, 2.5% on community pools

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Extraordinary Airdrop to Governance Participants | Treasury | [Discuss](https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/extraordinary-airdrop-to-governance-participants/559) |

Summary:\
Post proposes implementing an extraordinary airdrop, rewarding delegates and users who were willing to take the 20$ gas cost to support PoolTogether governance. 
This would support reaching the 10,000 voting threshold because the recipients will likely not dump their POOL tokens but hold and further allocate to their trusted delegate.In order to prevent dumping, a timelock of at least 1 month is suggested.

Date Created: March 3rd\
Last Active: Mar 15th


## Ongoing Discussions

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| 2% of rewards for charity | Treasury | [Discuss](https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/2-of-rewards-for-charity/385) |

Summary:\
Discussion proposes to give at least 2% of the winning pool each week to an effective charity that will be voted for by the users

Date Created: March 10th\
Last Active: March 18th

Update:\
Increasing support to [sub-dicussion](https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/2-of-rewards-for-charity/385/25) proposign donating to projects on gitcoin grants

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| POOL token Airdrop for POD users who should have qualified | Treasury | [Discuss](https://gov.pooltogether.com/t/pool-token-airdrop-for-pod-users-who-should-have-qualified/269) |

Summary:\
17 USDC Pod users and 270 Dai Pod users were unintentionally excluded from POOL token Airdrop for POD users.  
This calls for a proposal so that Users who were POD participants on Pooltogether and also fit the requirements of the Airdrop be airdropped the POOL token.

Date Created: Feb 20th\
Last Active: Mar 17th

Update:\
In parallel to overwheling support for airdrop, there is continued discussion regarding (1)What the new distribution will be? and
(2) What the compensation is for the developer that facilitates airdrop?


