### Governance Update

#### Live Votes
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| GIP-6 Deploy Gnosis Auction | Development | [Vote](https://app.boardroom.info/gnosis/poll/QmUA5aYzD7nRdPQhqMTH3GWus4Bj62SGcSfjPEb6QcDdnM) |

This GIP intends to answer the question: Should GnosisDAO deploy GnosisAuction?  
GnosisAuction would build on the proven success with token sales that Gnosis Protocol (GP) v1 (Mesa) had. It will provide a sturdy mechanism that supports fair price finding in token sales. It will also aim to be modular enough to work in other scenarios where auctions are needed.

#### Recent Votes
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| GIP-5: Remove Gnosis Impact from the GnosisDAO Governance Process | Meta | [View](https://app.boardroom.info/gnosis/poll/QmfEpoQtvjWMeRwfeFvothLDkFqaXCZNHU9ZFb3S3cuLRU) |

Gnosis Impact is currently an integral component of the Gnosis governance process.
The current implementation of Gnosis Impact has known flaws and poses uncalled-for obstacles to pass proposals through the governance process.  
This proposal aims to exclude the obligatory utilization of Gnosis Impact as part of the GnosisDAO’s governance process phase 3 until a proposal passes amending its shortcomings.

This proposal passed on Feb 19th.

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| GIP-3: Set the quorum for "yes" votes to 4% of the circulating supply of GNO | Meta | [View](https://app.boardroom.info/gnosis/poll/QmdjWuBnBnPUafW9jBNNsJJvaeQAVExGcFZ7zB38VtNuu4) |

Lower the quorum threshold for required YES GNO to increase the chance of acceptance of proposals. Instead of the current 10%, the threshold could be lowered to 4% of circulating supply.

This proposal passed on February 22nd.

#### Discussions
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| GIP-4: Should GnosisDAO pay additional GNO rewards for GNO<>ETH LP on Sushiswap? | Marketing | [Discuss](https://forum.gnosis.io/t/gip-4-should-gnosisdao-pay-additional-gno-rewards-for-gno-eth-lp-on-sushiswap/1013) |

The objective of this proposal is to kick off a crossDAO collaboration attempting to increase number of stakeholders for both communities (Sushi and GnosisDAO). The proposal seeks a liquidity incentivisation campaign  with the following goals:
- Creating stakeholders for both communities
- Foment cross-DAO collaborations in the future
- Increase GNO liquidity

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Should GnosisDAO establish OWL as a stable coin? | Product | [Discuss](https://forum.gnosis.io/t/should-gnosisdao-establish-owl-as-a-stable-coin/1088) |

This proposal suggests to morph OWL into an asset backed stable coin - similar to DAI.  

Compared to DAI there would be key differences:
1) Holding OWL should accrue interest. (similar to DSR - but in contrast to DAI all OWL should benefit from this interest) OWL == CHAI  
2) Minting of OWL is (at least in the beginning) primarily done by GnosisDAO  
3) All assets controlled by GnosisDAO are essentially collateral for OWL  
4) In contrast to Maker - GnosisDAO could freely use the assets to do e.g. yield farming  
