### Governance Update - Week-3 2021

#### Live Votes

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Decision Gate 2: Flexible Leverage Index (FLI) | Development | [View](https://app.boardroom.info/index/poll/QmQwQn4k324kMKPjsSX6ZEzjkkKWh1DNfAN2mQ3dd5aP1a) |

Decision Gate 2 is the final vote for onboarding products to the Index Coop. A passing vote here signals commitment by the Index Coop to launch the Flexible Leverage Index in a timely manner. Pulse Inc would like to propose that the Index Coop manage a series of Sets based on a new Index called Flexible Leverage Index (FLI). FLI lets you leverage a collateralized debt without having to manage a collateralized debt, by abstracting collateralized debt management into a simple index, reproducible by an ERC20 token built on [Set Protocol](https://www.tokensets.com/).

#### Recent Votes

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| COMPOUND-37 Return Accidentally Sent Funds | Meta | [View](https://app.boardroom.info/index/poll/QmYQk1KQNN7gcaDpvy7w6C9rEjVJSanWdRPfebRo1CMewa) |

This proposal is a meta-governance proposal to vote on Compound's proposal #37 using DPI. The Compound proposal acts to establish a policy for returning accidentally sent funds accessible by Governance under the terms specified in the proposal.  
The Proposal passed on Feb 11th and was executed on Feb 14th.

#### Discussions
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| IIP-15: Metaverse Index | Development | [Discuss](https://app.boardroom.info/indexCoop/forum/837) |

This IIP relates to launching the Metaverse Index with an updated methodology as described below. This will be the first index product to be launched from within the Coop community and not with an external partner as the methodologist. It is designed to capture the potential upside of the new but growing group of projects on Ethereum that relate to virtual ownership through NFTs, gaming, virtual reality and entertainment.  
The opportunity here is to create an index that rewards long term investment in a decentralized and virtual future.

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| IIP-8: Meta Governance Module | Product/Meta??? | [Discuss](???) |

This IIP adds meta-governance support for AAVE, UNI, and COMP to the DeFi Pulse Index.
It add the GovernanceModule to the DeFi Pulse Index Set with support for AAVE, Compound and Uniswap. Governance represents a single vote casted by $INDEX token holders off-chain, which is then executed by the Index Multisig via the GovernanceModule. A GovernanceModule implementation is ready and can go live within 1-2 weeks pending audits.
