### Governance Update

#### New Forum Posts

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Rug Pulls on Uniswap | Meta | [Discuss](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/rug-pulls-on-uniswap/10550) |

Summary: Discussion raising concerns about the prevalence of Rug Pulls and how to address this problem.

Calls for Uniswap V3 to come up with the solution of rug pull events to making decentralize finance more secure. Additionally suggests that V3 Uniswap Airdrops to the addresses also who became victims of Rug Pulls on Uniswap

#### Ongoing Forum Discussions

| Name | Category | Link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Uniswap Liquidity Incentive Plan | Strategy | [Discuss]() |

Summary: Discussion post proposed the continuation of UNI Liquidity Mining, with reduced incentives.

Update:  
On February 13th the author of this proposal posted an [update](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/discussion-uniswap-liquidity-incentive-plan/8590/227) arguing that it is not in Uniswap’s best interest to extend liquidity incentives and Uniswap governance and community efforts should be refocused in areas that are likely to drive long term value and enduring network effects.
In parallel, the update has lead to further [discussion](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/discussion-uniswap-liquidity-incentive-plan/8590/229) on whether the fee switch should be kept off.


| Name | Category | Link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Transaction Fee Distribution | Operations/Strategy | [Discuss](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/transaction-fee-distribution/482) |

Summary: Proposal to allocate 0.04% of all Uniswap platform transaction fees to UNI stakers in the form of ETH. Staking pool will be used for both governance and fee distribution. 0.01% of transaction fees will go to the treasury to be used at the DAOs discretion.


| Name | Category | Link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [POLL] Should UNI Holders Be Rewarded? | Meta/Strategy | [Discuss](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/poll-should-uni-holders-be-rewarded/2849) |

Summary: Discussion gauging the community’s thoughts regarding rewarding UNI holders.

Update:  
Valuable [questions](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/poll-should-uni-holders-be-rewarded/2849/86) raised concerning whether the poll is representative of all UNI holders or whether it over-represents the fraction of UNI holders that are very active on Gov (i.e. those that find themselfes in ‘Governance-meta’ subforum).  
Despite these concerns, polls and discussion board show significant support for proposed rewards.
