# Vesper
Vesper provides a platform for easy-to-use Decentralized Finance (DeFi) products.

Vesper’s DeFi products deliver ease-of-use in achieving your crypto-finance objectives. The Vesper token (VSP) is the core economic engine that facilitates the building and expansion of Vesper’s capabilities and its community.

The Vesper project rests on three pillars:

Vesper Products: At launch, Vesper offers a variety of interest-yielding “Grow Pools” that enable users to passively increase their crypto holdings by simply selecting the desired aggressiveness of their strategy and the digital asset held. The Vesper Grow Pools represent the first product on the Vesper platform. More will be developed and presented over time.

Vesper Token: VSP incentivizes participation, facilitates governance, and catalyzes user contribution. Users earn VSP through pool participation and, later, participating in Vesper’s continuous improvement.

Vesper Community: Vesper is building a user community that sustains and grows the product portfolio, facilitates progressive decentralization, and enables users to build new products while earning a share of that product’s fees.


VSP is the platform’s governance token, which gives token-holders the ability to participate in on-chain votes on new pool strategies and other platform decisions.

## Governance
#### Governance Phases & Rationale
‌Vesper Governance is derived from the Compound governance module, a tried-and-true framework that has become familiar to the DeFi community. From Day 1, the founding team will begin relinquishing control over Vesper operations through phases of progressive decentralization, and will strive for the highest standards of communication and transparency.

#### Transitioning to Community Governance
Many DeFi projects have experienced early ‘growing pains’ when initiating community governance. We hope to mitigate this friction with an iterative transition to community governance.

For the first 2-6 months, ownership functionalities will be retained by the team’s multisig in order to upgrade strategies, introduce new pools, allocate VSP rewards, and so on.
After 2-6 months, governance responsibilities will be transferred in full to holders of vVSP in the vVSP vault.
At the end of that 2-6 month period, the Founding Team will stake 1,000,000 VSP from the community reserve to the vault. This will mint vVSP ‘receipt tokens’ as a ‘governance bootstrap’ to ensure quorum and good governance principles are met. The voting power of those tokens will be initially delegated to the Founding Team’s multisig. As the 1,000,000 VSP that created these voting tokens are unstaked, they will be deposited back into the vault for the benefit of the other vVSP holders.
Over the course of one year after the governance module is launched, vVSP delegated to the Founding Team will be forfeited quarterly, so that 100% of the control will be in the hands of the community at the end of this one-year period.
We expect the community’s voting power to exceed that of the team by Month Six.

The revenue generated by the reserve fund is ‘community property’ and is sent back to the other vVSP holders. The flow of assets will be very visible/auditable to the community.

Votes can only be cast by vVSP token-holders

## Voting & Participation
Participants can engage with the Vesper community by proposing, developing and assisting Vesper Improvement Proposals [VIPs], casting votes on VIPs, and sharing their opinion in our community chats. (See “The Voting Process.”)

## Treasury Management
2,950,000 VSP is dedicated as DAO reserves. Most of this VSP likely stays in the primary wallet and deployed on voting for the likes of reward extensions and VSP boosts for new pools.

But beyond that, there are many, smaller expenditures required to facilitate further growth of Vesper. There are two “satellite wallets” represented as OpComms and Community Marketing. Each wallet is a 2-of-n multisig with a modest allowance (2,000-4,000 VSP) to be utilized as needed per the discretion of signers.

OpComms is designated for misc. one-off purchases and expenditures. This includes audit payments, bug bounties, freelance work, and so on. The CM wallet is utilized for community engagement, contests and campaigns, content bounties, and so on.

These types of siloed wallets enable a more efficient ecosystem that doesn’t require a vote on every single spend and maintains security of the overall treasury by fragmenting allowances to different groups and categories.

Today, wallet signers comprise of team members, Vesper community members, and external reputable faces in DeFi. Ultimately, more and more weight will shift away from the team and towards the community.

## Additional Links
Medium is best for news and insights. Twitter and Telegram serve as our primary notification channels. Discord is where most interactions around governance, community, and development (by the team and community members) will take place.