### Governance Update

#### Discussions
| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| [Phase 2: Consensus Check] Staking & Tokenomics | Marketing | [Discuss](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/consensus-check-staking-tokenomics/9019/5) |

Discussion proposing measures to reward long-term investors through four suggested measures:
1) Staking - Reward longer lock-up with higher yield.
2) Buy-back and Burn - Incentive for holding.
3) UNI hodler access - Own 25 UNI and you get access to cheaper fees and more trading features such as Stop Market, Limit Orders, Iceberg etc.
4) Loyalty Rewards - Instead of 6% yield, you get 7% staking yield if you have been using for a longer period of time.

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| [Phase 1: Temperature Check] Fee switch date approaching, time to act | Treasury/Marketing | [Discuss](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/fee-switch-date-approaching-time-to-act/10418) |

Discussion advocating for the fee switch to be flipped on at the earliest possible time.
Proposes that the mechanism for rewarding uni stakers also be made a buyback and distribution of uni tokens like the sushiswap model.

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Ability to toggle fees is next week, do we do it? | Treasury/Marketing | [Discuss](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/ability-to-toggle-fees-is-next-week-do-we-do-it/10288) |

Discussion concerned with the positive and negative implications of turning the fee switch ON:
1) Yes - UNI becomes an income-generating token and will appreciate in price
2) No - Incentives becomes misalign between LPs and Token holders.  
Its porposed solution is to add back liquidity mining for UNI to certain pools (at a much lower rate) with the goal of incentivizing LP to stay so they can earn an appreciating asset.

| Name          | Category      | Link   |
| ------------- |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Uniswap Liquidity Incentive Plan | Treasury/Marketing | [Discuss](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/discussion-uniswap-liquidity-incentive-plan/8590) |

This discussion post originally proposed the continuation of UNI Liquidity Mining, with reduced incentives.

On February 13th the author of this proposal posted an [update](https://gov.uniswap.org/t/discussion-uniswap-liquidity-incentive-plan/8590/227) 
arguing that it is not in Uniswap’s best interest to extend liquidity incentives and Uniswap governance and community efforts should be refocused in areas that are likely to drive long term value and enduring network effects.

The proposal will not move forward to an on-chain vote.
